*: update technical writing project ideas 2020 (#2447)
pingcap/docs: technical-writing-project-ideas.md

![Google Season of Docs](/media/season-of-docs.png)

We are dedicated to delivering high quality technical information that is easy to use, easy to understand and easy to find. We are working on it, and your help and support would definitely help!

**Interesting fact:** We call ourselves Content Strategist because user documentation is only one part of our work scope. If you want to know more, let's get in touch at [gsod-tidb@pingcap.com](mailto:gsod-tidb@pingcap.com).

## Organization overview

This section describes the basic information about our open-source organization:

- **Organization name**: PingCAP

- **Organization description**: [PingCAP Inc.](https://pingcap.com/about/) is a software company founded in April 2015, dedicated to building [TiDB](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb), an open-source, distributed, Hybrid Transactional and Analytical Processing (HTAP) database. PingCAP is the primary developer, maintainer, and driver of TiDB and its associated [open-source communities](https://github.com/pingcap/community). It is a venture-backed company, which announced its 50 million USD Series C round financing in September 2018.

- **Reference links:**

>     - open-source repository: <https://github.com/pingcap/tidb>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Open-source repository: <https://github.com/pingcap/tidb>
```

    - Website: <https://pingcap.com>

- **Email:** [gsod-tidb@pingcap.com](mailto:gsod-tidb@pingcap.com)

- **Display name:**

    - Administrator: [lilin90](https://github.com/lilin90)
    - Mentor: Coco

## Project ideas

This section describes the project ideas of [TiDB documentation](https://pingcap.com/docs) in Google Season of Docs.

### Project name

TiDB 4.0 Documentation Improvement

### Project description

> 1. Improve the current [TiDB 4.0 documentation](https://pingcap.com/docs) to make it more user-friendly. This can include reorganizing the content in a single document or within several documents, to make it easier to use and understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Improve the current [TiDB 4.0 documentation](https://pingcap.com/docs/v4.0/) to make it more user-friendly. This can include reorganizing the content in a single document or within several documents, to make it easier to use and understand.
```
Should we provide a more specific link?

Author: Both are ok for this project.

> 2. Execute user acceptance tests for TiDB 4.0 how-to guides and tutorials. This can include executing a usability test by following the existing document, such as testing the deployment of TiDB or TiDB ecosystem tools. In the process of testing, the technical writer might find it necessary to update some steps or outdated description or the content structure. Then they can file Pull Requests to improve the documentation based on tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Execute user acceptance tests for TiDB 4.0 how-to guides and tutorials. For example, a technical writer can test a deployment guide's usability by following the instructions to the end and see if anything can be improved (such as updating unclear/outdated description or the content structure). Then, they can file Pull Requests to improve the documentation based on tests.
```

3. Review [GitHub Pull Requests about TiDB 4.0 documentation](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pulls). This can include reviewing the language and content organization in docs Pull Requests filed by a contributor, a developer, a Database Administrator, or another Technical Writer.

### Related material

- The open-source project: <https://github.com/pingcap/tidb>
- Existing documentation: <https://pingcap.com/docs>

> - [How-to guides and tutorials](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/how-to/deploy/orchestrated/tiup/): topics about how to deploy, configure, scale, or monitor a TiDB cluster in different ways

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How-to guides and tutorials](https://pingcap.com/docs/v4.0/how-to/deploy/orchestrated/tiup/): topics about how to deploy, configure, scale, or monitor a TiDB cluster in different ways
```
https://pingcap.com/docs/v4.0/how-to/deploy/orchestrated/tiup/ does not include topics about how to configure and scale a TiDB cluster?

Author: Yes, but they can find those topics on the left navigation TOC.
